Looking for a masturbation video with a lil bit roleplay (you don't have to talk throughout the vid).
I'm a stranger that left you a note to put on the panties with a remotely controlled vibrator, and a camera to broadcast it.
Being submissive, you play along - start off just sitting dressed sexy in front of camera, with the panties on, then start caressing and masturbating through the panties 
as if I'm remotely controlling it and turning the knob slightly up. 
Gradually undress and masturbate more passionately, removing the panties along the way ofc - once you remove them I'd like you to masurbate for couple of mins up to orgasm with your back to the camera, feet and ass visible.

dangling


under the table


Dangling and bj with a little bit of roleplay (again no need for much talking).
We're on a testament hearing of my father and you're his young daughter from another marriage.
Vid starts in a break before the testament hearing nad you're raging he didn't leave you almost anything of his fortune and left all to me ! 
The hearing starts, you pretend to be listening, but notice I've started to check out your hot body, so an idea pops into your mind - if you could make me impregnate you, 
you would get to blackmail me for some money. Still pretending to be listening, you start coquetting me - you cross your legs, and start dangling sexily your high heel shoes. 
You have a feet bracelet. Youre not looking at me, just play with your feet, etc. do it as if you actually were on a meeting and tried to seduce me secretly.
After a while you sneak under the table and the scene switches to POV.
Still dressed, you unzip me, and start sucking me, licking etc. After a while, you reach out to your pocket and take out a condom, and put it on me. You reveal to me your plan
that you will need my cum in order for me to knock you up so that you can get this fat heritage, and that you can as well tell me as there's no way I will resist now.
After this you suck some more through the condom until I cum. You get up under the desk and excuse yourself to the bathroom.





 She is sitting on a chair having her long legs crossed all the time. She wears a well worn pair of leather high heels dangling her sexy shoes 